[enhancement] CommandResults add indicator and return_results add list support (#9613)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_3_21.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - Added to **return_results** support for list of **CommandResults**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for lists of **CommandResults** objects to the **return_results** function.
```
